## Meyers Reflection
In Bertrand Meyer's book "Agile: The Good, the Hype, and the Ugly" he delves into the innovative new approach to software development known as Agile. Meyer acknowledges that Agile methods offer several significant benefits compared to the previously known and used waterfall method. The new Agile method, including Scrum and Extreme Programming, promote iterative development which allows teams of developers to properly split work into groups for each task. This allows for adaptation to changing requirements as well as the opportunity to deliver periodic improvements which are easier to track and fix when added to the code. Meyers also highlights how they do not set up a requirements outline before developing because the requirements change so often throughout development that it might as well be useless by the end of the project. Instead, Agile opts to have a “customer” on your own squad to be there during the development process and point out things the consumers will want and the requirements as development continues.

However, everything has its pros and cons and one notable con of Agile is Agile can lead to a lack of direction. The lack of a requirements outline, while flexible, can quickly result in an uncontrolled expansion of a project's scope. Without the corresponding adjustments in resources, time, and budget the project will end up failing. Meyers goes on to talk about the frequent releases and continuous feedback. This can be extremely resource intensive and burn out the development team. Meyers also goes on to compare Agile to waterfall and the Spiral model. The waterfall model offers a predictable development cycle with its clear linear structure. This allows the development team to move through each process sequentially and stay on target. Waterfall also emphasizes documentation which can help shareholders understand the project at each stage. Where Waterfall fails is its lack of adaptation to possible changing requirements as the project goes on. The Spiral model on the other hand primarily focuses on risk management and provides amazing flexibility to accommodate changes in the project.

Overall Meyer critiques Test-Driven Development and argues that while promoting early detection of errors and better code, it sometimes fails to test at other equally important processes like integration or system testing. It can also result in an increased development time due to the time-consuming nature of constant testing. While Test-Driven Development is a powerful tool for improving code quality and development practices, it's important to be aware of its limitations.

 


